Are we coming back this time?
It's for Qin Qin
Ok mom
I want to go to the toilet
Then mommy will take you there
Mr. Huo
Grandpa Huo asked you to go back to Huo's house after meeting people today
He wants to talk to you about you and Chenxi
You go back and tell him
I'm not going back.
Yes
Mr. Huo
Yeah.
Good night mommy good night
Miss Ji, your daughter's illness is very rare
We need to find the father
You have another child.
Write with the umbilical cord
biological father
Doctor, is there nothing else you can do?
Yes, but
No matter what
I'll do my best.
There is a famous doctor h
There's a lot of research on this disease.
But he has sealed the knife and will no longer save
Don't worry.
Mommy will definitely find a way to save you.